IMMIGRANTS TO VOTE.
>> Shannon: THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
LET'S GET TO THE 2 TOP STORIES.
THE COMMENTS FROM ILHAN OMAR
BLASTING BARACK OBAMA'S HOPE AND
CHANGE MESSAGES.
OUR PANEL NOW.
WELCOME TO ALL OF YOU.
LISTEN, CONGRESSWOMAN OMAR IN
TROUBLE FOR ANTI-SEMITIC
REMARKS.
NOW IT SOUNDS LIKE SHE'S BEEN
TAKING SOME HITS AT FORMER
PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA.
HE IS BELOVED AMONG DEMOCRATS.
IN "VANITY FAIR" THEY SAY
DEMOCRATS DID NOT ABANDON OMAR
OVER HER COMMENTS ABOUT ISRAEL,
BUT HER CRITICISM OF BARACK
OBAMA IS ANOTHER MATTER.
>> CAN YOU IMAGINE?
CRITICIZING PRESIDENT OBAMA IS
WORSE THAN SAYING SOMETHING
ANTI-SEMITIC FOR THE DEMOCRATIC
PARTY.
IF THIS WASN'T CRAZY IT WOULD BE
VERY HUMOROUS.
THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY SCRAMBLED
TO DEFEND OMAR AND FORGET HER
SINS FOR SUGGESTING THAT PEOPLE
HAVE DUAL LOYALTY TO THE U.S.
AND THE ISRAEL.
PEOPLE ARE HYPNOTIZED BY ISRAEL
AND NOW ATTACKS PRESIDENT OBAMA
IN THE WORST WAY POSSIBLE
SUGGESTING HE IS BASICALLY
PRESIDENT TRUMP BUT HE HAD A
PRETTY SMILE AND A NICE FACE.
>> Shannon: SHE IS BACKPEDALLING
ON THAT.
THE REPORT HAS HIS OWN TAPE.
IT SOUNDS LIKE THE WAY SHE WAS
QUOTED IN CONTEXT.
MATTHEW WROTE THAT DEMOCRATS ARE
TRIPPING OVER THEMSELVES DODGING
REALITY AND TRYING TO CLEAN UP
THIS ANTI-SEMITIC MESS.
KEVIN, WHY IS SHE GETTING A PASS
FROM SO MANY IN THE DEMOCRATIC
PARTY?
>> I HAVE TO TELL YOU, AS A
DEMOCRAT I AM SICK AND TIRED OF
HEARING CONGRESSWOMAN OMAR.
IT'S A DISTRACTION FROM THE
PASSAGE OF THE LARGEST ELECTION
REFORM BILL AND TERRIBLE
ECONOMIC NEWS WITH THE JOB
REPORT.
YOU SAW A UNITED DEMOCRATIC
PARTY IN THE HOUSE CAUCUS.
EVERY MEMBER VOTED TO CONDEMN
ANY ANTI-SEMITISM.
YOU ARE SEEING SENIOR LEADERSHIP
PULL HER ASIDE.
SHE IS NOT A STATE
REPRESENTATIVE IN MINT.
-- MINNESOTA.
SHE IS ON THE WORLD STAGE.
TO MAKE SURE THAT WE ARE
STANDING WITH OUR PARTNERS IN
ISRAEL AND CONDEMNING HATEFUL
SPEECH THIS REPRESENTATIVE IS
SPEAKING.
>> Shannon: LAST NIGHT
CONGRESSWOMAN ALEXANDRIA
OCASIO-CORTEZ SAID SHE AND OMAR
AND OTHERS ARE BEING TARGETED AS
FRESHMAN WOMEN OF COLOR.
SHE SAID THEY ARE GETTING UNFAIR
TREATMENT.
IF YOU WENT AFTER EVERY BAD
THING A CONGRESSMAN OR WELCOME
DID ON THE HILL EVERYBODY IN
CONGRESS WOULD BE IN TROUBLE AM
FAIR?
>> I DON'T THINK THAT'S FAIR AT
ALL.
FIRST I WANT TO NOTE.
IT'S REMARKABLE AND STARTLING
HOW MUCH ILHAN OMAR -- THE
DISDAIN SHE HAS FOR THE COUNTRY.
THE COUNTRY HAS GIVEN HER FAMILY
AND HERSELF REFUGE.
SHE WAS A REFUGEE IN KENYA AND
THANKS TO A LUTHER AN CHURCH
GROUP CAME TO THE UNITED STATES.
AS AN IMMIGRANT MYSELF, THIS
CONSTANT DISDAIN OF HER
PORTRAYAL OF THE UNITED STATES
AND IT'S ANTI-TERROR POLICIES.
TREATING IT LIKE A MURDEROUS
COUNTRY THAT CAGES CHILDREN AT
THE BORDER AND DRONES PEOPLE AND
NOT ANY CRITICISM OF THE ISLAMIC
GROUPS, THOSE THAT TURNED HER
HOMELAND INTO A HORRIBLE PLACE.
NOT ONE WORD OF CRITICISM.
ONLY DIRECTED AT THE COUNTRY
THAT GAVE HER AND HER FAMILY
REFUGE.
IT'S NOT A PERFECT COUNTRY.
IT'S STARTLING.
IT'S DISGUSTING.
>> Shannon: KEVIN AS YOU SAID IT
OVERSHADOWED PASSING HR-1.
IT'S A MASSIVE SWEEP OF TALKING
ABOUT CAMPAIGN FINANCE REFORM
AND TRANSPARENCY.
THE ACLU EVEN HATES THIS THING.
THEY ARE TEAMING UP WITH MITCH
MCCONNELL.
I DON'T KNOW HOW DIFFERENT YOU
COULD BE.
EACH WEIGH IN.
NOT ONLY GOING TO FORCE DONORS
TO DISCLOSE BUT THERE WILL BE
MATCHING FUNDS WHERE TAXPAYERS
WILL HAVE TO PAY FOR AND
SUBSIDIZE CAMPAIGNS.
KEVIN?
>> THE VAST MAJORITY OF
AMERICANS IN THE COUNTRY WANT
CAMPAIGN FINANCE REFORM.
THEY SUPPORTED IT EARLIER IN THE
2000S AND WANT TO CLEAN UP BIG
MONEY THAT CORRUPTS POLITICS.
THERE ARE A LOT OF GREAT THINGS
IN THAT BILL INCLUDING SECURITY
FUND FOR OUR STATES.
TRANSPARENCY LAWS AND ENSURING
THAT ANYONE SEEKING THE HIGHEST
OFFICE IN THE COUNTRY SHOULD
RELEASE TAX RETURNS AS EVERY
PRESIDENT GOING BACK TO NIXON.
>> Shannon: AIMED AT THE CURRENT
PRESIDENT?
>> ABSOLUTELY.
THE IMPORTANT THING COMING OUT
IS THE HOUSE PASSED IT AND THE
SENATE SHOULD DEBATE IT WHICH
MITCH McCONNELL REFUSED TO DO.
>> Shannon: THE STATES SAY THEY
SHOULD RUN THEIR OWN ELECTION.
>> THEY SHOULD.
FEDERALIZING THEM IS NOT A GOOD
IDEA.
THE MORE YOU GET THE FEDERAL
GOVERNMENT INVOLVED IT'S LESS
DISCRETION OF THE STATES.
EXPOSING DONORS IN PUBLIC TO
ORGANIZATIONS THAT ARE NOT DOING
POLITICAL ACTIVITIES.
BAD MOVE.
THE REASON THE  NAACP IS AGAINST
IT.